<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="how_to_get_started">
    <title>How to Get Started</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>The following directions will explain how to get started with Google
                Meet.<p/><p>You will first need a Google account to access this tool. You will also
                want to be using</p><p>technology that has a camera and microphone (i.e. your laptop
                or iPhone).</p><p>1. Once you have an account established, login and go to the
                Google home page. Click on your</p><p>account Menu at the top right (this would be
                the nine little dots).</p><p>2. Once there, click on the dots and you will see a
                small camera icon with the word “Meet” under</p><p>it.</p><p>3. When you click here,
                the Google Meet page will come up and offer one of two options; it will</p><p>allow
                you to start and/or schedule your own meeting or join a pre-established one using a
                code</p><p>(this would be provided to you by whoever set up the meeting). These will
                show up as “New</p><p>Meeting” and to the right of this, a white bar with “Enter a
                code or link” in it. For the latter, once</p><p>the code is entered, there’s a
                button to the left titled “Join” that will direct you to your meeting.</p><p>For the
                former, you will be given three options after clicking the blue “New Meeting”
                icon:</p><p>a. Create a meeting for later.</p><p>This option will give you a link to
                share with others to join, whether it be for the present or a</p><p>later
                time.</p><p>b. Start an instant meeting.</p><p>This will allow you to immediately
                begin a meeting. The option for you to allow use of your</p><p>microphone and camera
                will come up if you’d like to do so. Once your meeting appears, a white</p><p>box
                with the link for others to join will appear as well as a blue icon entitled “add
                others”.</p><p>c. Schedule in Google Calendar.</p><p>This option will allow you to
                schedule a meeting through your calendar and give it a title. You</p><p>also have
                the option of adding guests.</p></context>
    </taskbody>
</task>
